Edit UG, DG, PPP (#257)
AY1920S1-CS2103T-T13-4/main: docs/team/TSAI-HSIAO-HAN.adoc

= TSAI, HSIAO-HAN - Project Portfolio
:site-section: AboutUs
:imagesDir: ../images
:stylesDir: ../stylesheets

== PROJECT: Mark

---

== Overview
This document will introduce my role and contribution in Mark.
Mark is a 6 weeks group project for the module CS2103T Software Engineering.
Our team composed of 5 NUS Computer Science year 2 students.

> We have a team meeting every Tuesday and Thursday.

Reviewer: Just some comments on the PPP, is the team meeting needed?

Author: Can mention.

From this project, we learn the skill of designing a Java application with basic CRUD structure,
working on git,
distributing works on Github,
negotiating and teamwork.

> Mark is a __desktop bookmark manage__r used for organising websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mark is a __desktop bookmark manager__ used for organising websites.
```
